high_qps_load_test/README.md, before:

### Step 1: Launch an EC2 instance
* The recommended AMI is __Ubuntu Server 20.04 LTS (HVM), SSD Volume Type__, as the following instructions have been tested on it.
* For the instance type, start with __c5.4xlarge__ (with 16 vCPUs). You can choose other instance types based on your needs (for example, c5.24xlarge with more vCPUs). In general, compute-optimized instances (C-family) are recommended for load testing. More CPUs support higher QPS.
* Remember to allocate disk space for the instance (by attaching a volume). __100 GB__ of disk space should be sufficient.
* Remember to make __port 80__ of the instance reachable from your laptop (by configuring the __security group__) and enabling __Auto-assign public IP__. These steps are necessary to access the Locust UI later on.

### Step 2: Install dependencies needed to run Locust

ssh into the EC2 instance and clone this repository to copy its content to the instance. Navigate to the cloned repository's folder.

Install Docker and Docker Compose by running the following commands one by one:

```bash
sudo apt update

sudo apt -y install apt-transport-https ca-certificates curl software-properties-common

curl -fsSL https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu/gpg | sudo apt-key add -

sudo add-apt-repository "deb [arch=amd64] https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu focal stable"

sudo apt update

sudo apt -y install docker-ce

sudo curl -L "https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/download/v2.1.1/docker-compose-linux-x86_64" -o /usr/local/bin/docker-compose

sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/docker-compose
```

### Step 3: Start Locust and run load tests
In the cloned folder, run `sudo docker-compose up --scale worker=16` to start Locust. Note that `worker=16` means there will be 16 Locust workers (utilizing 16 CPU cores on the machine). It’s recommended to have `#workers == #vCPUs-on-the-machine`.

After Locust starts, visit `http://{your-ec2-instance-ip}` (use http, __not__ https) from your laptop to access the Locust UI, where you can easily start/stop a load test. Remember that we opened port 80 of the EC2 instance to our laptop, which is why we can visit the Locust UI.

### Step 4: Cleanup

Don’t forget to terminate the EC2 instance after you finish the load tests to minimize cloud costs.

Commit message:

minor changes after final test

high_qps_load_test/README.md, after:

### Step 1: Launch an EC2 instance
* The recommended AMI is __Ubuntu Server 20.04 LTS (HVM), SSD Volume Type__, as the following instructions have been tested on it.
* For the instance type, start with __c5.4xlarge__ (with 16 vCPUs). You can choose other instance types based on your needs (for example, c5.24xlarge with more vCPUs). In general, compute-optimized instances (C-family) are recommended for load testing. More CPUs support higher QPS.
* Remember to allocate disk space for the instance (by attaching a volume). __100 GB__ of disk space should be sufficient.
* Remember to make __port 80__ of the instance reachable from your laptop (by configuring the __security group__) and enabling __Auto-assign public IP__. These steps are necessary to access the Locust UI later on.

### Step 2: Install dependencies needed to run Locust

ssh into the EC2 instance. Install Docker and Docker Compose by running the following commands one by one:

```bash
sudo apt update

sudo apt -y install apt-transport-https ca-certificates curl software-properties-common

curl -fsSL https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu/gpg | sudo apt-key add -

sudo add-apt-repository "deb [arch=amd64] https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu focal stable"

sudo apt update

sudo apt -y install docker-ce

sudo curl -L "https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/download/v2.1.1/docker-compose-linux-x86_64" -o /usr/local/bin/docker-compose

sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/docker-compose
```

### Step 3: Prepare load test files

Clone this GitHub repository to copy its content to the instance. Navigate to the cloned repository's folder. Overwrite the high_qps_load_test/features.json file with the sample payload for you model.

### Step 4: Start Locust and run load tests

In the cloned folder, run `sudo docker-compose up --scale worker=16` to start Locust. Note that `worker=16` means there will be 16 Locust workers (utilizing 16 CPU cores on the machine). It’s recommended to have `#workers == #vCPUs-on-the-machine`.

After Locust starts, visit `http://{your-ec2-instance-ip}` (use http, __not__ https) from your laptop to access the Locust UI, where you can easily start/stop a load test. Remember that we opened port 80 of the EC2 instance to our laptop, which is why we can visit the Locust UI.

### Step 5: Cleanup

Don’t forget to terminate the EC2 instance after you finish the load tests to minimize cloud costs.
